---
layout: post
title: Hamlin My Business  Week 17 Report
date: 2025-05-06 01:33:38
description: weekly team status recap
tags: 2024-25, WeeklyRecap, Week17
categories: team-reports
tabs: true
chart:
  echarts: true
pretty_table: = true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

## Week at a Glance

Hamlin My Business  Won against Tom and Jerry 337.36-295.58<br>
Current Standing: #3<br>
Playoff Chances: 100.0%<br>
Lineup Efficiency: 88.3%<br>
Best Performer: Joe Burrow (36.98 pts)<br>
```echarts
{
    "tooltip": {
        "trigger": "item",
        "formatter": "{a} <br/>{b}: {d}%"
    },
    "legend": {
        "orient": "vertical",
        "left": "left",
        "data": [
            "QB",
            "RB",
            "WR",
            "TE",
            "D/ST",
            "K"
        ]
    },
    "series": [
        {
            "name": "Position Points",
            "type": "pie",
            "radius": [
                "50%",
                "70%"
            ],
            "avoidLabelOverlap": false,
            "data": [
                {
                    "value": 67.3,
                    "name": "QB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 23.7,
                    "name": "RB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 95.0,
                    "name": "WR"
                },
                {
                    "value": 15.2,
                    "name": "TE"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```



## Player Report

#### Jameson Williams (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB/WR/TE <br>
**Details:** As expected, Williams is now under contract through 2026, with a projected $15.49 million salary for the fifth and final season of his rookie deal. The Lions may be hesitant to discuss an extension after Williams' breakout third season in 2024, considering his first two NFL campaigns largely were defined by injuries and suspensions. He cleared 1,000 receiving yards on just 91 targets in 15 regular-season games last year, adding 11 carries for 61 yards and a TD, plus two touches for 80 yards and a score in one playoff game. Williams is safe in his starting job but may find it difficult to significantly improve on last year's 6.1 targets per game while sharing the field with WR Amon-Ra St. Brown, TE Sam LaPorta and RBs Jahmyr Gibbs and David Montgomery -- all of whom will be adjusting to new offensive coordinator John Morton, after Ben Johnson left for Chicago's HC job.
#### Najee Harris (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB <br>
**Details:** At 6-foot, 221 pounds, Hampton is smaller than Harris but larger than most NFL lead backs, and with 4.46 combine speed to boot. It may not be long before he challenges Harris for the starting job, although the veteran almost certainly would retain a role in that scenario, if only for pass blocking and to help keep Hampton fresh. Harris signed a one-year, $5.25 million contract in March, with all of that money guaranteed and another $4 million available via incentives. Compared to other RBs, that can either be viewed as low-end-starter money or the top of the market for backups.
#### Matthew Stafford (QB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** Stafford finally put pen to paper Monday after the two sides agreed to continue their relationship back in February. Stafford will collect $44 million in 2025, and if he's on the roster at the start of the 2026 league year, he'll earn another $40 million for that season. Stafford recently turned 37 years old this offseason, but coach Sean McVay has already stated he believes the quarterback has multiple good seasons left in the tank. Stafford completed 65.8 percent of his passes last season, throwing for 3,762 yards and a 20:8 TD:INT across 16 regular-season starts.
#### Tyreek Hill (WR)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** WR <br>
**Details:** Grier noted that Hill, who is recovering from wrist surgery, has been present at team facilities during the early portion of the offseason and is working with new wide receivers coach Robert Prince, per David Furones of the South Florida Sun Sentinel. He dismissed the idea that team was actively looking to trade the veteran wideout by saying the organization would "consider it" for the unrealistic return of "two first-rounders," Barry Jackson of the Miami Herald reports. Things appeared fractured enough between Hill and Miami by the end of the 2024 season that a parting of ways seemed inevitable, but the 31-year-old has since made public efforts to mend fences. After surpassing 1,700 receiving yards in each of the prior two campaigns, Hill was limited to an 81-959-6 line across 17 regular-season appearances last year, enduring both a nagging wrist injury and quarterback difficulties.
#### Aaron Jones (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB <br>
**Details:** O'Connell specifically mentioned goal-line and short-yardage situations as areas where Mason can help, noting that the Vikings "left a lot to be desired" in those situations last year. Jones returns as the starter after signing a two-year, $20 million contract, but it sounds like he's a long shot to match last season's career highs for snaps (700), rush attempts (255) and touches (306). The only disappointment in 2024 was scoring three times on 24 carries inside the 10-yard line, with just seven total TDs (five rushing) despite playing all 17 games and recording 1,546 yards from scrimmage (his most since 2019) at rates of 4.5 yards per carry and 8.0 per catch. While ceding goal-line carries is never a good thing for fantasy value, Mason's physical presence could help the 30-year-old Jones stay healthy and maintain his strong per-touch yardage production.
#### George Kittle (TE)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** TE <br>
**Details:** The deal reportedly includes $40 million guaranteed and likely will lower Kittle's 2025 salary-cap hit, which was previously scheduled to come in at $22.09 million. He'll turn 32 years old in October but hasn't shown any signs of slowing down, coming off a 2024 campaign with a five-year high for receptions (78), six-year high for receiving yards (1,106) and the second most touchdowns of his career (eight). Kittle still hasn't reached triple-digit targets since 2019, but he's capable of handling more volume if injuries to teammates necessitate it. He's typically the third tight end taken in early 2025 fantasy drafts, after Brock Bowers and Trey McBride.
#### Brock Purdy (QB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** OP <br>
**Details:** Purdy's rookie deal is currently set to expire after the 2025 campaign, but he and the 49ers remain engaged in talks surrounding a new extension. Both Michael Silver and Dianna Russini of The Athletic report that Purdy's attendance for the start of voluntary OTAs is a sign that contract discussions are moving in the right direction, but this remains a situation that could drag on until the later stage of the offseason. Purdy struggled in 2024 compared to his stellar 2023 season, though the context of Brandon Aiyuk (knee) and Christian McCaffrey (knee) both missing most of the year must be noted. The 25-year-old signal-caller will have do make do without Deebo Samuel, who has been traded to the Commanders, within his offensive playmaking group in 2025, but standout 36-year-old left tackle Trent Williams (ankle) has confirmed his intent to return for a 16th NFL season.
#### Chris Godwin (WR)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** IR <br>
**Details:** Godwin will stay with the only NFL team he's ever known, reportedly getting a $66 million contract that has two-thirds of the money guaranteed at signing. He would've signed an even larger deal if his fantastic 2024 campaign hadn't been cut short by a dislocated left ankle Week 7. It's a good sign that the team with the most information about his recovery was willing to give Godwin a large contract, but we still haven't seen any reports about a recovery timeline or the possibility of ligament damage in his injured ankle. Godwin turned 29 in February, after averaging a career-high 19.7 PPR points in his seven games last season. He's unlikely to approach that level of production in 2025, coming back from a major injury to rejoin a Tampa Bay offense that now has WR Jalen McMillan competing for targets and Josh Grizzard replacing Liam Coen as the play caller.

## Current Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_HMB_roster.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>

<br><br>
## Optimal Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_HMB_optimal.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>