---
layout: post
title: Hit and Ruggs Week 17 Report
date: 2025-05-06 01:33:38
description: weekly team status recap
tags: 2024-25, WeeklyRecap, Week17
categories: team-reports
tabs: true
chart:
  echarts: true
pretty_table: = true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

## Week at a Glance

Hit and Ruggs Won against Fantasy Guru Kayden 222.72-213.94<br>
Current Standing: #7<br>
Playoff Chances: 0.0%<br>
Lineup Efficiency: 83.8%<br>
Best Performer: Jared Goff (25.82 pts)<br>
```echarts
{
    "tooltip": {
        "trigger": "item",
        "formatter": "{a} <br/>{b}: {d}%"
    },
    "legend": {
        "orient": "vertical",
        "left": "left",
        "data": [
            "QB",
            "RB",
            "WR",
            "TE",
            "D/ST",
            "K"
        ]
    },
    "series": [
        {
            "name": "Position Points",
            "type": "pie",
            "radius": [
                "50%",
                "70%"
            ],
            "avoidLabelOverlap": false,
            "data": [
                {
                    "value": 34.1,
                    "name": "QB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 11.1,
                    "name": "RB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 29.2,
                    "name": "WR"
                },
                {
                    "value": 24.3,
                    "name": "TE"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```



## Player Report

#### Trey McBride (TE)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB/WR/TE <br>
**Details:** McBride thus is under contract with Arizona through the 2029 season. Per Adam Schefter of ESPN, the 25 year-old's $76 million deal includes $43 million guaranteed and an average annual value of $19 million, the highest ever for any NFL tight end. This past season, the 2022 second-rounder caught a career-high 111 passes (on 147 targets) for 1,146 yards and two TDs in 16 regular-season contests, a level of production that makes him an elite fantasy option at his position ahead of the upcoming NFL campaign.
#### Diontae Johnson (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** After spending the first five years of his career with the Steelers, the 2019 third-rounder was shipped to the Panthers last offseason, dealt to the Ravens in late October and also had a brief stint with the Texans down the stretch after a tumultuous time in Baltimore. Between the three teams, Johnson hauled in 33 of 67 targets for 375 yards and three touchdowns in 12 regular-season games. All but the TD mark were career lows. Upon joining Cleveland, he'll be a part of his third AFC North organization and likely will be in the mix for regular snaps in a receiving corps without established options beyond Jerry Jeudy and Cedric Tillman (concussion).
#### Geno Smith (QB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** OP <br>
**Details:** Upon getting dealt from Seattle to Las Vegas on March 7, Smith still had one year remaining on his existing contract, but the Raiders have made a new commitment to the quarterback, with Jordan Schultz of Fox Sports reporting the deal is worth $85.5 million, with $66.5 million guaranteed. The 34-year-old thus can be expected to be a Raider beyond the 2025 campaign after averaging 249.5 yards per game and compiling a 71:35 TD:INT over 49 starts the previous three seasons.
#### Allen Lazard (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** IR <br>
**Details:** It's the third season of a four-year contract that now includes $1.75 million guaranteed for 2025, after Lazard barely played in 2023 but rebounded last season to score six touchdowns in 12 games (10 starts). He turned 29 in December and may now end up in an open competition for WR roles behind No. 1 Garrett Wilson. This will be Lazard's first season playing for a team that doesn't have QB Aaron Rodgers.
#### Breece Hall (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** The other two presumably are 2024 fourth-round pick Braelon Allen and 2024 fifth-round pick Isaiah Davis, both of whom had some nice moments as rookies while spelling Hall off the bench during his disappointing season. It won't come as any surprise if the uber-talented Hall improves in 2025 and re-establishes himself as a workhorse back under a new coaching staff, but it's nonetheless interesting to see the contrast between Glenn's comment on Hall and what he said when reporters asked about WR Garrett Wilson. Glenn referred to Wilson as a "dynamic player" and said the Jets will try to get him the ball "as much as possible."
#### Cooper Kupp (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** WR <br>
**Details:** Per Adam Schefter of ESPN, it's a three-year deal for Kupp, who spent the first eight seasons of his career with the Rams. Kupp will join a receiving corps that moved on from DK Metcalf (traded to the Steelers) and Tyler Lockett (released) this offseason, meaning he'll be working with third-year pro Jaxon Smith-Njigba and veteran vertical threat Marquez Valdes-Scantling in an offense led by new QB Sam Darnold. Since his standout 145-1,947-16 performance on 191 targets in 2021, Kupp hasn't surpassed 75 catches, 812 yards or six touchdowns in any of the ensuing three campaigns while missing 18 regular-season contests during that span.

## Current Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_RRT_roster.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>

<br><br>
## Optimal Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_RRT_optimal.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>