---
layout: post
title: Michael's Managable Team Week 17 Report
date: 2025-05-06 01:33:38
description: weekly team status recap
tags: 2024-25, WeeklyRecap, Week17
categories: team-reports
tabs: true
chart:
  echarts: true
pretty_table: = true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

## Week at a Glance

Michael's Managable Team Won against Abbey Road to Victory 240.22-207.02<br>
Current Standing: #9<br>
Playoff Chances: 0.0%<br>
Lineup Efficiency: 87.7%<br>
Best Performer: Justin Herbert (24.44 pts)<br>
```echarts
{
    "tooltip": {
        "trigger": "item",
        "formatter": "{a} <br/>{b}: {d}%"
    },
    "legend": {
        "orient": "vertical",
        "left": "left",
        "data": [
            "QB",
            "RB",
            "WR",
            "TE",
            "D/ST",
            "K"
        ]
    },
    "series": [
        {
            "name": "Position Points",
            "type": "pie",
            "radius": [
                "50%",
                "70%"
            ],
            "avoidLabelOverlap": false,
            "data": [
                {
                    "value": 34.3,
                    "name": "QB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 31.7,
                    "name": "RB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 19.2,
                    "name": "WR"
                },
                {
                    "value": 15.4,
                    "name": "TE"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```



## Player Report

#### James Cook (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB <br>
**Details:** Bills general manager Brandon Beane said it's "not fair" to assume Cook's absence at voluntary OTAs is related to his desire for a new contract, adding that "he'll be ready to go" for mandatory offseason activities. Nonetheless, coming off a 2024 campaign in which he scored 18 touchdowns (16 rushing) despite playing just 48 percent of offensive snaps in his 16 regular-season appearances, Cook has been open about his desire for both a substantial extension and increased playing time. Still, Buffalo has Ray Davis entering Year 2, and the team opted to re-sign pending free agent Ty Johnson, indicating some level of commitment to a backfield rotation. How much attention the team pays to the running back position in the 2025 NFL Draft, which kicks off Thursday, could be telling as to Cook's odds of attaining a new deal. He's currently heading into the final year of his rookie contract after having compiled back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons.
#### Dak Prescott (QB)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** Prescott's season came to an end after just eight games last season due to the hamstring injury, and he underwent surgery in mid-November. The veteran quarterback has been rehabbing since, and his comments Friday suggest that everything has gone smoothly in his recovery. Cowboys executive vice president Stephen Jones said in late March that Prescott will be limited during the initial portion of the Cowboys' offseason program, but Jones also mentioned that Prescott's rehab was going well. It appears both the organization and the player are eyeing a cautious approach to organized team activities, which begin in May, as Prescott indicated Friday that he'll take part in some capacity but added, "Then again I just understand my age, what I've had, what I've went through, it's about being my best in the fall. So I'm not rushing anything, but I'm where I want to be."
#### Rhamondre Stevenson (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB/WR/TE <br>
**Details:** Per Graff, in the wake of the draft, Stevenson, Henderson and Antonio Gibson are poised to lead the team's RB corps this coming season, with Terrell Jennings and reported UDFA signing Lan Larison in the depth mix. Stevenson is coming off a 2024 season in which he recorded 207 carries for 801 yards and seven TDs to go along with 33 catches (on 41 targets) for 168 yards and another score in 15 games. Ball security was an issue for Stevenson in that span, however, with the 2021 fourth-rounder racking up seven fumbles after recording just one (in 12 contests) in 2023. That's an issue Stevenson will no doubt focus on improving, but in any case, the addition of the dynamic Henderson seems destined to cut into his workload this season. A committee approach featuring the bruising Stevenson and the speedy Henderson, with Gibson also sprinkled in, appears the most likely outcome, a looming scenario that is on track to impact Stevenson's volume in 2025.
#### Jaylen Warren (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** The 224-pound rookie, drafted 83rd overall, profiles cleanly as a replacement for Harris, but that doesn't necessarily mean it'll be a one-for-one thing with Johnson immediately taking 250-plus carries. Harris topped that number in each of his four seasons in Pittsburgh, despite averaging 4.1 YPC or less every year, in part because he never missed a game and was decent enough at blocking and receiving to stay on the field for some passing downs. Johnson may well prove to be Harris' equal or superior as a runner, but Warren could nonetheless take on a larger role than he had the past few seasons if the Steelers aren't confident in other aspects of Johnson's game. Warren signed a second-round restricted free agent tender a few days before the draft, keeping him under contract for 2025 at $5.35 million -- about the same as what Harris is getting from the Chargers, coincidentally.

## Current Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_MMT_roster.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>

<br><br>
## Optimal Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_MMT_optimal.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>