---
layout: post
title: Abbey Road to Victory Week 17 Report
date: 2025-05-06 01:33:38
description: weekly team status recap
tags: 2024-25, WeeklyRecap, Week17
categories: team-reports
tabs: true
chart:
  echarts: true
pretty_table: = true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

## Week at a Glance

Abbey Road to Victory Lost against Michael's Managable Team 207.02-240.22<br>
Current Standing: #10<br>
Playoff Chances: 0.0%<br>
Lineup Efficiency: 86.7%<br>
Best Performer: DeVonta Smith (27.00 pts)<br>
```echarts
{
    "tooltip": {
        "trigger": "item",
        "formatter": "{a} <br/>{b}: {d}%"
    },
    "legend": {
        "orient": "vertical",
        "left": "left",
        "data": [
            "QB",
            "RB",
            "WR",
            "TE",
            "D/ST",
            "K"
        ]
    },
    "series": [
        {
            "name": "Position Points",
            "type": "pie",
            "radius": [
                "50%",
                "70%"
            ],
            "avoidLabelOverlap": false,
            "data": [
                {
                    "value": 16.0,
                    "name": "QB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 12.3,
                    "name": "RB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 67.3,
                    "name": "WR"
                },
                {
                    "value": 18.4,
                    "name": "TE"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```



## Player Report

#### Kyler Murray (QB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** QB <br>
**Details:** Murray said that his knee injury lingered at times during the 2024 season, but that with another healthy offseason under his belt, he doesn't anticipate being hampered at all moving forward. "I do feel like I have to run more next year," Murray said, comparing his dual-threat capabilities at full health to those of Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen. The 27-year-old had a career-low 4.6 rushing attempts per game in 2024, though he was efficient on the ground, scoring five times and averaging a career-best 7.1 YPC. If Murray is indeed comfortable rushing more next season, and potentially able to develop improved chemistry with 2024 first-round pick Marvin Harrison, Arizona's offense will be primed to take a step forward.
#### Kirk Cousins (QB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** Cousins' attendance at voluntary OTAs is something of a surprise, after he was benched in Week 16 last season in favor of Michael Penix. Atlanta could have released Cousins in mid-March to avoid having his $10 million guaranteed roster bonus kick in, but the team opted to keep the veteran quarterback in house as a backup option or trade asset. However, Cousins' contract includes a no trade-clause, which he seems unlikely to waive unless it's to find a starting role elsewhere.
#### Zay Flowers (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** WR <br>
**Details:** 
#### Christian Watson (WR)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** LaFleur said Watson's work ethic approaching his ACL rehab has been impressive, per Ryan Wood of USA Today, but the timing of the young wideout's injury sheds serious doubt on his availability for the early portion of the regular season. Green Bay also invested significant draft capital at the wide receiver position in April's draft in the form of first-round pick Matthew Golden and third-rounder Savion Williams. With all of Jayden Reed (shoulder), Romeo Doubs (concussion), Dontayvion Wicks, Bo Melton, Mecole Hardman (knee) and Malik Heath also on hand, the Packers boast one of the league's most crowded receiver rooms, meaning Watson will face tough competition for snaps even if he enjoys an exceptional recovery timeline.
#### Alexander Mattison (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB <br>
**Details:** Mattison is swapping teams with Raheem Mostert, whose deal with the Raiders was reported about two hours earlier. While Mostert perhaps has a chance to rebound from a disappointing 2024 and earn a key role, Mattison will merely be competing for a backup job behind De'Von Achane. The Dolphins presumably hope 2024 fourth-round pick Jaylen Wright secures the second spot on the depth chart, with Mattison essentially being a backup plan for the backup. It's a tough situation for earning playing time, albeit with the outside chance of a handsome payoff if injuries eventually thrust him into a starting role in Mike McDaniel's offense.
#### Garrett Wilson (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** WR <br>
**Details:** General manager Darren Mougey said prior to the 2025 NFL Draft that New York would pick up the fifth-year options of London, Sauce Gardner and Jermaine Johnson (Achilles), and the team has now made each of those transactions official. Wilson is coming off three consecutive 1,000-yard seasons and remains the clear top receiving option on the Jets' depth chart, with Allen Lazard, Josh Reynolds and Tyler Johnson behind him in the wide receiver room, and with rookie second-round pick Mason Taylor a new addition to the tight end corps. Even if Justin Fields' dual-threat capabilities result in an overall decline in passing for the Jets' offense, Wilson figures to retain a tremendous target share following the offseason departures of  WR Davante Adams and TE Tyler Conklin, and considering his current lack of competition for volume. Picking up the No. 1 wideout's fifth-year option shouldn't make the Jets any less motivated to negotiate a long-term extension with Wilson, who will turn 25 in July.

## Current Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_ARV_roster.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>

<br><br>
## Optimal Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_ARV_optimal.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>