---
layout: post
title: Mama Daughter Duo Week 17 Report
date: 2025-05-06 01:33:38
description: weekly team status recap
tags: 2024-25, WeeklyRecap, Week17
categories: team-reports
tabs: true
chart:
  echarts: true
pretty_table: = true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

## Week at a Glance

Mama Daughter Duo Lost against To Infinity and Bijan! 215.62-257.30<br>
Current Standing: #6<br>
Playoff Chances: 0.0%<br>
Lineup Efficiency: 82.5%<br>
Best Performer: Bo Nix (21.86 pts)<br>
```echarts
{
    "tooltip": {
        "trigger": "item",
        "formatter": "{a} <br/>{b}: {d}%"
    },
    "legend": {
        "orient": "vertical",
        "left": "left",
        "data": [
            "QB",
            "RB",
            "WR",
            "TE",
            "D/ST",
            "K"
        ]
    },
    "series": [
        {
            "name": "Position Points",
            "type": "pie",
            "radius": [
                "50%",
                "70%"
            ],
            "avoidLabelOverlap": false,
            "data": [
                {
                    "value": 21.9,
                    "name": "QB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 5.7,
                    "name": "RB"
                },
                {
                    "value": 47.2,
                    "name": "WR"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```



## Player Report

#### Chuba Hubbard (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** RB <br>
**Details:** Hubbard and Dowdle both were lead backs last year, but there doesn't seem to be any doubt about whose show it will be in 2025, considering the former signed a four-year, $33.2 million extension. Dowdle settled for a one-year deal with a reported base value of $3 million, which suggests NFL teams view him as a backup-caliber player even after he ran for 1,079 yards in Dallas last year. Hubbard is the better pure runner, and generally a superior player, but it is possible he cedes more of the backfield work in 2025 (compared to last season) if Carolina's coaches like Dowdle more than they liked Sanders. There's no indication Hubbard's calf and knee injuries from the end of 2024 will be a problem for the upcoming season, whereas 2024 second-round pick Jonathon Brooks figures to miss significant time after tearing his right ACL for the second time in two years.
#### David Njoku (TE)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** TE <br>
**Details:** Fannin is a unique prospect, lacking ideal size (6-foot-3, 241 pounds) and speed (4.71 40) but still attracting plenty of NFL interest thanks to his FBS-leading 117 receptions at Bowling Green last season. Njoku is bigger, faster, stronger and a better blocker, but Fannin may ultimately push for some passing-down snaps in single-TE formations if he runs crisp routes and is quick to learn the offense. It's a comparable situation to the one in Baltimore with Isaiah Likely, who also put up huge numbers at a mediocre college program and notably didn't have much impact on Mark Andrews' role until their third season playing together. Of course, Njoku isn't held in the same regard as Andrews, and the Browns may take more of an interest in developing young players during a likely rebuilding year than the Ravens did while trying to win a Super Bowl. Meanwhile, there hasn't been any update on the knee injury that held Njoku out for the final two games of last season. That's not necessarily a bad thing, as it might just mean he avoided surgery and completed his recovery without incident.
#### Anthony Richardson (QB)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** OP <br>
**Details:** Taken fourth overall in the 2023 draft, Richardson has missed 17 of a possible 34 games because of injuries and was benched for another two for performance reasons, with lowlights of his career to date including a 47.7 percent completion rate in 2024. It at least sounds like he'll be healthy for the start of the offseason program, after missing the final two weeks of last season with a back injury. Jones has his own shortcomings and is highly unlikely to ever be anything more than a low-end starter or solid backup, but superior accuracy on short passes is one clear edge he has over Richardson, along with a better track record of availability (although that hasn't exactly been a strength for Jones, either).
#### Jordan Mason (RB)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** O'Connell also discussed returning starter Aaron Jones, saying "when [Jones] has... that 1A/1B backfield structure, he can be a total game-changer every time he touches the ball." In other words, O'Connell hopes the 223-pound Mason can be 1B, taking carries between the tackles while Jones gets most of the work in space. The Vikings traded for Mason in mid-March, shortly after San Francisco gave him a second-round restricted free agent tender (and after Minnesota re-signed Jones on a two-year, $20 million contract). Mason missed the final five weeks of his 2024 breakout season with a high-ankle injury, but there hasn't been any report of surgery or a prolonged rehab process this offseason.
#### Derek Carr (QB)
**Injury Status:** Questionable <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** Loomis outwardly declined to answer any questions about Carr's injury or status with the team at Wednesday's press conference, additionally refusing to answer affirmatively or negatively when asked whether New Orleans' starting quarterback is currently on the roster, per John Sigler of USA Today. Carr reportedly is considering shoulder surgery that could impact his availability for 2025 due to a previously undisclosed injury, with speculation that the decision is related to dissatisfaction with the Saints and a desire to move on. Due to the veteran quarterback's contract being restructured in March, he is owed roughly $40 million guaranteed in salary and bonuses this season.
#### Brandin Cooks (WR)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** BE <br>
**Details:** Per Adam Schefter of ESPN, the wideout's reported deal is a two-year pact worth $13 million. Cooks, who joined the NFL as a 2014 first-round pick of the Saints, is thus poised to return to New Orleans, where he'll add speed and experience to a WR corps which is led by Chris Olave and also includes Rashid Shaheed. In 10 regular-season games with the Cowboys in 2024, Cooks recorded 26 catches for 259 yards and three touchdowns on 54 targets, but with his looming change of scenery, a bounce-back campaign could be in order for the 31-year-old, with a path to steady snaps seemingly on tap for him in 2025.
#### Christian McCaffrey (RB)
**Injury Status:** Active <br>
**Lineup Slot:** IR <br>
**Details:** Coach Kyle Shanahan declared McCaffrey healthy in early April, which wasn't surprising after the running back told reporters in early January that he was already almost back to full strength. The 49ers then traded Jordan Mason to the Vikings and allowed Elijah Mitchell to sign with the Chiefs, leaving 2024 fourth-round pick Isaac Guerendo as McCaffrey's likely backup for 2025. McCaffrey missed the first eight games of last season with Achilles tendinitis in both legs, later missing the final five games because of a PCL sprain in his right knee. It was his third time in the past five years missing double-digit games, but he played either 16 or 17 regular-season games in 2017, 2018, 2019, 2022 and 2023. McCaffrey is under contract through 2027 after signing an extension last summer, albeit with no guaranteed money beyond 2025.

## Current Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_JST_roster.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>

<br><br>
## Optimal Lineup

<table
data-click-to-select="true"
data-search="false"
data-toggle="table"
data-url="{{ "/assets/json/team_rosters/Week_17_2024_JST_optimal.json"}}">
<thead>
<tr>
<th data-field="player_name" data-halign="left" data-align="left" data-sortable="true">Player</th>
<th data-field="pos" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Position</th>
<th data-field="slot" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Slot</th>
<th data-field="points" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Points</th>
<th data-field="projected" data-halign="center" data-align="center" data-sortable="true">Projected</th>
</tr>
</thead>
</table>